c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\bin\Debug\ContactList.exe.config
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\ContactList.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\ContactList_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\ContactList.g.resources
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\ContactList.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\ContactList.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\bin\Debug\ContactList.exe
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\bin\Debug\ContactList.pdb
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\ContactList.exe
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\ContactList.pdb
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\Views\Detail.baml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\Views\Detail.g.cs
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\ContactList_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactList\ContactList\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
